Trigger gevent monkeypatching via environment variable (#28283)
mistercrunch/Airflow: newsfragments/08212.misc.rst

> If you are using gevent for your webserver deployment and used local settigns to monkeypatch gevent, you might want to replace local settings patching with setting the ``_AIRFLOW_PATCH_GEVENT`` variable to 1 in your webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using gevent for your webserver deployment and used local settings to monkeypatch gevent, you might want to replace local settings patching with an ``_AIRFLOW_PATCH_GEVENT`` environment variable set to 1 in your webserver. This ensures gevent patching is done as early as possible.
```
